# Week 7A

## I. Review: Exam #1
- We will review the correct answers
- There is an HTML file to try out the code questions - look for **exam-1-review-start.html.zip** in myCourses

---

## II. Previous Assignments
- [Extra Credit PE - "Phyllo-classy"](../extracredit/phyllo-classy.md)
- [PE-07 - Audio Visualizer](../pe/pe-07.md)
  - we will talk about this and [HW-2 - Audio Visualizer - Ultimate Version](../hw/hw-2.md) next time!

---

## III. Upcoming Assignments
- 6B Quiz
  - handing out a paper copy, PDF is in myCourses
  - covers objects & classes 
  - not collecting for a grade
  - we will review the answers next time 
- [HW-2 - Audio Visualizer - Ultimate Version](../hw/hw-2.md)

---

## IV. Sprites Review
- We did this last week on [6A](06A.md)
- [ES6 Class Notes](../notes/es6-class-notes.md)
- Things to look at:
  - Adding new objects to arrays
  - Looping over arrays:
    - `for`, `for..of`, `array.forEach()`
  - `CircleSprite` class constructor
    - use `Object.assign()` and shorthand object property initialization
    - object destructuring the parameter list & passing in a single object as a parameter
    - default parameter values
    - Using `Object.seal()` in the `CircleSprite` constructor
  - BTW - `"use strict"` rules are enforced at *compile-time*, NOT at *run-time* (explained in demo)

---

## V. Canvas Transformations

- [**Canvas 2D Essential Skills #8 - Canvas Transformations**](https://github.com/tonethar/IGME-330-Master/blob/master/notes/8-canvas-transformations.md)
  - Concepts:
    - Transformations: `ctx.translate()`, `ctx.rotate()`, `ctx.scale()`
    - Managing transformations with `ctx.save()` and `ctx.restore()`
  - Docs:
    - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Canvas_API/Tutorial/Transformations
    - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/translate
    - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/rotate
    - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/scale
    - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/CanvasRenderingContext2D/setTransform

---

## VI. Checkoff - Translate/Rotate/Scale

- ***Here are the instructions (see myCourses dropbox for due date):***

1) Follow along with the demo we do in class on 7A - https://github.com/tonethar/IGME-330-Master/blob/master/notes/8-canvas-transformations.md - and build what we built.

2) If you miss anything - no problem! The video links at the bottom of the above page walk though the entire demo.

3) Once you have re-created what we made (if it's slightly different than ours, no biggie!), add the following:

    - draw an additional rotating triangle
    - draw that triangle with a triangle helper function - no we didn't make this function in the demo - you can do it - be sure to use the "good triangle" code that draws around 0,0
    - draw at least one more animated shape (square, triangle,circle, ...). For this, you must animate either scale or translation (or both, or add in rotation and do all 3!)

4) Tell us what you did in the comments field of the dropbox

5) Name the file ***lastName-firstInitial*-trs.html**

6) ZIP and POST the file here

---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
| [**Week 6B Notes**](06B.md)  |  [**IGME-330 Schedule**](../schedule.md) | Week 7B Notes
