# Week 12B

---

## I. HW-3 - *Web App refactor*

- [HW-3 - *Web App refactor*](../hw/hw-3.md)
  - they look good, let's review!
- Issues:
  - #1 - lotz and lotz of broken hamburger menus!
    - ***-->*** *"To keep the hamburger menu functional, rename **index.js** to **hamburger.js** and import it with a `<script>` tag"*
    - also, kind of a nitpick, but in the nav system, for the current page there is supposed to be a "you are here" cue such as bolded text as was shown in the screenshots --> [hw3-bulma-requirements.md](../hw/hw3-bulma-requirements.md) 
  - #2 - are any images or stylesheets not showing up? Check your `src` and `href` attributes - any urls that start at *root* - ex. `src="/images/bg.png"` are likely the issue - because *root* on banjo is at the "top" of the file system, and not in your user account folder
  - #3 - a couple of the apps don't function at all
- What to do:
  - first --> check the console - make the fixes - repost to banjo - test it!
  - then send me a note in Slack with the link and let me know what fixes you made
  - if any of your fixes involved code other than the hamburger menu, send me a ZIP of your updated HW-3 code


---

## II. Getting ready for HW-4 - *NY State Park Buddy*
- [Checkoff - `localStorage` Practice](https://github.com/tonethar/IGME-330-Master/blob/master/notes/localstorage-practice.md)
  - read/write data to the user's browser!
  - let's review/start together!
  - try to finish this before you leave today's class meeting
- [PE-09 - Maps & Mapbox](../pe/pe-09.md)
  - GIS!
- [PE-10 - Firebase](../pe/pe-10.md)
  - read/write data to the cloud!

   
---

## III. HW-4 - *NY State Park Buddy* (we'll talk about this next time!)
- [HW-4 - *NY State Park Buddy*](../hw/hw-4.md)
- [***Starter*** for HW-4 - *NY State Park Buddy*](https://github.com/tonethar/IGME-330-Fall-2023/blob/main/hw/hw-4-starter.md)
  - counts as a Practice Exercise (PE)
  - ***don't miss this!***


---
---

| <-- Previous Unit | Home | Next Unit -->
| --- | --- | --- 
| [**Week 12A Notes**](12A.md)  |  [**IGME-330 Schedule**](../schedule.md) | [**Week 13A Notes**](13A.md)
